🐛 (go/v4): fix readme content and instructions (#3628)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/component-config-tutorial/testdata/project/README.md

// TODO(user): An in-depth paragraph about your project and overview of use

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- go version v1.20.0+

> - docker version 17.03+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- docker version 17.03+
```

> - kubectl version v1.11.3+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- kubectl version v1.11.3+
```

Author: I am OK with this one. But you lgtm so, wdyt about doing that in a follow-up?
Could you raise a follow-up with this change?

> - Access to a Kubernetes v1.11.3+ cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to a Kubernetes v1.11.3+ cluster
```

Author: I am OK with this one. But you lgtm so, wdyt about doing that in a follow-up?
Could you raise a follow-up with this change?

### To Deploy on the cluster
**Build and push your image to the location specified by `IMG`:**

```sh
make docker-build docker-push IMG=<some-registry>/project:tag
```

> **NOTE:** This image ought to be published in the personal registry you specified. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** This image should be published in the personal registry you specified
```

Author: Why should be used instead of ought to?

Reviewer: Just to keep it more simple.

> And it is required to have access to pull the image from the working environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and it is required to have access to pull the image from the working environment. 
```

Author: I am OK with this one. But you lgtm so, wdyt about doing that in a follow-up?
Could you raise a follow-up with this change?

Make sure you have the proper permission to the registry if the above commands don’t work.

**Install the CRDs into the cluster:**

```sh
make install
```

**Deploy the Manager to the cluster with the image specified by `IMG`:**

```sh
make deploy IMG=<some-registry>/project:tag
```

> **NOTE**: If you encounter RBAC errors, you may need to grant yourself cluster-admin 
privileges or be logged in as admin.

**Create instances of your solution**

> You can apply the samples (examples) from the config/sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply the samples (examples) from the config/samples directory:
```

Author: I am OK with this one. But you lgtm so, wdyt about doing that in a follow-up?
Could you raise a follow-up with this change?

```sh
kubectl apply -k config/samples/
```

>**NOTE**: Ensure that the samples has default values to test it out.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is any need to uninstall the CRDs, you can follow this steps:
```

Author: I think this one is not required because yes we have the need to teardown.
that is a common need.

### To Uninstall
**Delete the instances (CRs) from the cluster:**

```sh
kubectl delete -k config/samples/
```

> **Delete the APIs(CRDs) from the cluster:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Delete the CRDs from the cluster:**
```

Author: We create apis (the command is create api) 
API is a CRD.
